hey everybody welcome Exeter in the lamp
is mine anybody and robots are doing a
daily today and honestly we were just
lucky to live on yesterday daily so I'm
not really gonna sweat the scoring you
know what I will score I will score a
volleyball game if you know volunteers
are required to work those little flippy
scoreboards I've done that before my
life I understand the scoring system I
will score the skin of a salmon before I
pan fry it I allowed the very famous
Gordon Ramsay recipe on YouTube but I'm
not going to worry about yesterday's
score what we do have here is a
ridiculously strong run and I figured
that because just before doing the daily
I went to check out greed but just to
see where it ended up today wonderful
Gophers second secret room there may be
but um and I saw it was like okay it's
Azazel and it goes to I guess it goes to
show I just
whenever I see a cross I'm like okay
that goes to delirium effectively as
long as we play our cards right I think
I'll save our bomb for the next floor
and the top score today is something
like 63,000 you can get top 10 with
50,000 you can get a 50,000 point score
on a daily that you know is as asel
infestation to just by basically never
taking damage so technology burned me
last time however I think that it
doesn't necessarily have to burn me this
time I thought the technology combined
with any form of brimstone is actually a
good combination I don't believe it
screws you I think it just gives you a
damage upgrade right big damage upgrade
and of course the sweet laser beam
around your uh your brimstone tears okay
so that was in contrast to yesterday's
daily wear some weird combination of
technology and chocolate milk kind of
left us in the lurch this one is feeling
a lot better I think that this is going
to be it is probably better to do the SU
we get with our deal with the devil
first but it is probably been
in my estimation to do the boss trap
room instead so this Rodney is just like
absurd its popping off ridiculously
right off the cut we could get that
obviously we're hoping to get a bunch of
keys out of our out of our boss trap
room but I don't know let's see how that
goes I do still think it's the right
call and we got basically nothing but
you know maybe if you pick another chest
there things go differently
that being said I'm not at all oh I mean
that was bad but I'm not at all
concerned with today's daily it's
already exceptionally strong like
unbelievably strong number two and a
half minutes in we got seven damaged
well they actually we got like nine
damaged now right thanks to growth or
twelve damaged effectively a little
light on consumables but you know
ignoring this we're in an amazing spot I
am going to fool card and my reasoning
for that is quite simple we know we're
not going to want a fool card out of
boss rush you got to take blank card you
know we're already generating enough
spiders we probably don't need flies now
if I that blank card fool I would have
been a happier camper okay NL this is me
talking to myself in character range
upgrade is always nice slow your roll
it's not that you're going too fast you
know some of the damage that you've
taken when you take damage from an enemy
that shoots bullets upon death as azazel
I sort of get it you know you've got
this beam that's blocking the obvious
ability to track where shops are coming
from quickly however we shouldn't be
taking this damage getting hit a couple
of times certainly far from the kiss of
death when it comes to ranking well
getting hit you know a couple of times
per floor now we started to put
ourselves in a bad spot everybody it's
essentially unavoidable that everybody
is going to have a pretty good chance to
rank well today I mean look at the
timing and the the stats that we got
going on on today's run already
it's a bit of a weird call there I'll do
the luck upgrade is so good because IV
bag is actually also potentially pretty
useful for example we can get into the
curse room without taking red heart
damage but I don't think it's the right
call for us I think we'll try the card
blank card tower that's really bad we'd
really like to get one extra penny but I
don't think it's going to happen
although the secret room is in a very
obvious location probably out with
disregard okay the secret room is in a
very obvious location probably right
here so I'm gonna do something really
quick and just get rid of these fires in
the hopes that I can keep myself alive
and we're going to hope to find the
secret room here I still think it was
worth a try anyway let's get going we
didn't play the demon judgment but
that's it today we've got nothing to
worry about when it comes to making sure
that the run goes where it needs to go
you know it is going to make it to
delirium the one exception that or the
thing that's worth worrying about is
that Basara shouldn't be too bad but the
hush fight can be really annoying with
no range and the Delirium fight
obviously can be super annoying with no
range but I'm not going to worry about
that it's like 10 floors away which at
the present pace means it could be 45
seconds before we get to the Delirium
fight so we got plenty of time with
which to with which to increase our
defensive capabilities of this battle
station dae and may the fourth it's not
made of four that I'm recording this I
don't want you to think our backlog is
like ridiculous here so a Waze is great
and temperance is also great it was a
very nice amount of HP there or sorry
amount of money there I should say okay
and that as well I guess if we're going
to use temperance we should really throw
down both temperance cards
because we do have we know what this one
is tower right yeah hear me out here it
worked I don't want to spend too much
time on this but only got to that's okay
we know we got at least one more play
before we either we're I think we have
two more plays oh okay
watch that a little bit you see my
master plan quote-unquote though anyway
and my goal there is to not take damage
going out of the curse room obviously on
the way and we're not going to take
damage but be a really nice floor to not
have curse of the unknown we got so much
money like I'm not going to worry about
Beelzebub I'm really going for broke
here dog tooth is I'll tell you what on
a daily I think dog tooth is just fine
liberty cap as well but we're way ahead
of schedule I'm just trying to think
what do I want to do here why want to if
possible getting more HP would be nice
if only to help us play blood bags more
effectively PhD does give us full HP and
a range upgrade is very useful as a say
zl-- blank card a waz is not necessary
but it's certainly not bad if we can
only get to plays we can only get to
plays that's fine and we're cares if
we're a little slow as long as we're
still ahead of the schedule for boss
rush I don't know why we're getting so
much money out of those but I am in
two spirit hearts valuable okay so we
are going to take damage on the way out
actually absolutely fine do we want to
buy the card in here what kind of card
would we be looking for to make this I
like that you're a font would be swell
the Hermit is not what we're looking for
I'd rather have a was you know what
we've got so much money I think it's is
sensible consumables are worth a lot
that's a secret room as well the secret
room access there but we bought one read
hearts of there we go
now we've got at least three plays here
and we're going to say at most three
plays even though I'm probably under
rating our security no we got to have at
least one more plus we just got a bunch
of spirit arts it's not plausible for
this to go terribly wrong at the present
moment at least okay so now we're going
to go if we lost a half a spirit heart
or even a full spirit out there who
cares so we're as well from the shop
there's one pill in here something's
wrong not a great one all right now I'm
going to go we really did our part on
that floor to make sure that things were
working out well for us that might give
us a leg up on the competition here keep
in mind this is caves - so there still
could be a real arcade as well unlikely
I'd say of this this time on the floor
but no secret room come on dog tooth I
know you got me here no dog - I'm going
to try to get something nothing
secret room here Wow
dog tooth he almost tricked me there
never do that again you had me so
worried totally forgot we had placenta
as well either way we're getting
probably a deal with the devil working
towards Duffy hopefully damage plus
rains we're up to 14 damage we don't
actually want Judas a shadow we
definitely want contract from below so
straight up we should just be using a
waz more often we didn't use it much
there I don't know I guess my reasoning
largely came down to we wanted to use as
many temperance cards as possible and
then we had other things to focus on but
dude I don't know maybe instead of blank
card a wazoo on blank card temperance as
long as we have red hearts it's a lot of
coin no I said it as if I was in Game of
Thrones or something but a lot of coin
but then beyond that I guess we don't
really care about getting blood bags
past a certain point
not that it would be the worst thing in
the world but but even if we don't care
about getting blood bags this allows us
to be very spending I think we should
still go I mean we're so far ahead of
schedule we got to be out of this floor
by 16 minutes in my opinion like run
begged epsilon C F we're out of here by
16 minutes I think we're good we should
really like if we can get restock or
something like that is that where we pop
off on today's run is that where we
finally you know take our our place in
the afterbirth Plus daily Pantheon I
don't want to get your hopes up but
despite a little bit of bad damage I
would not be surprised if we could
qualify for like a top 15 finish today
I'm not suggesting that's 100%
temperance and I'm certainly not
suggesting it 100 percent personal skill
I'm just saying that as of right now I'm
looking at our score and I'm liking
where we're at there's no way we're too
slow for boss rush and our damage on
boss rush should be very good because
there is a secret room somewhere here if
our damage on boss rush is good that
means we will not which one you think
has a secret room it is this one okay if
our damage on boss rush is good that
should mean there's no way for us to not
go to the hush fight I am then this is
the luxury position we find ourselves in
I am a hoping to get IV bag so that I
can easily get out of the curse room
without taking one hit on a damage
penalty so might be getting to the point
where that's pretty irrelevant that's
okay got to use money here no no no
decent but we already sort of got okay
the relic it was probably the best item
out of all the items they're trying not
to waste money by you know needlessly
picking it up but don't think it's super
relevant when effectively we probably
have nearly unlimited of it right now it
really feels like the culmination of a
while we're going to go to our cursor
I'm just give me a second here this
field is a culmination of like the last
few dailies where things have sort of
been botched I'm not on all of them but
certainly on yesterday's daily today's
daily is like you know you get blown out
in week 14 and then you come out in the
final week of the NFL season and you say
Peyton Manning I'm going to put you in a
four-finger headlock I don't
mixed metaphors but you get the idea
sure we'll take latchkey for some extra
luck and some extra keys
you shouldn't have twelve thousand
points on the depths one that's too many
points you're not supposed to have
twelve thousand points at this point I
guess with placenta how would you like
your burrito bowl sir with placenta
please I guess with placenta we are
trying to get as many HP upgrades as we
can like as many blood bags as we can as
long as we're guaranteeing ourselves
deals with the devil basically
regardless of the fact okay I mean like
I just want one IV bag I shouldn't
really complain but I just want one IV
bag I don't know we might be starting to
lose points as a result of this and I
don't necessarily believe that that's
the case well we tried okay I could use
like a hero font card maybe temperance
is overstated welcome at this point we
got like 5 HP upgrades out of a blank
card death blank card of Herman no out
of all these I think we'll stick with
temperance and we'll head down to the
next floor this is often how many points
I have by the time I make it into boss
rush so I think that this is a pretty
good situation to be in like we're ahead
by far of where I normally am we also
have not taken oh don't make me reroll
again you wouldn't oh this is goofy it's
destined I've seen it written in the tea
leaves we're almost there still very
good something's wrong lockup is great
range up is also amazing as Azazel and
another lockup take off his tail we're
killing it
you so I'm not sweating that we got lots
of spirit outs back there if we ever
need you ever need them I mean again
it's kind of like really should use
blank cards temperance not really a good
reason not to just everything's coming
together here there's probably a good
reason not to take chaos yet but I don't
care is the thing so blank okay
I mean blank cards son is also really
good so if we're going to do is pop down
temperance and then we're going to stick
with blank cards son because as useful
as temperance can be and it might this
might cost me like the extra a few
thousand points you could eke out on
like a really really tight daily but the
ability to get full health as desired
and also mapping as desired seems really
useful so there is a secret room here do
dogtooth has really helped us the
occasional holy mantle it's not bad
dogtooth has really helped us make the
most of our meager bombs like I'm very
thankful that I wised up this run is all
about like Redemption and we don't need
it is the thing oh ok so we'll take
guppy and that makes us copy and don't
think we need ah we do have that
contributes to spun so let's take it I
think we've made and I you know I always
I tend to be modest and this is going to
strike you as hilarious but I tend to be
a modest person and so I'm always saying
I'm probably the most modest person I
know I'm always saying I don't want it
to my own horn it's true you know I'm
uncomfortable with praise unless I feel
like that praise is highly deserved and
in a way not that it was hard but I feel
like today's daily is worthy of praise
if only because the perfect storm of me
apparently being right unlike almost
then we don't need that sadly it's a fun
trinket of me being right on almost all
of these decision
and like re-roll machines and etc etc
has completely worked out again I'm not
saying I don't think I'm the only one I
didn't you know figure out cold fusion
here or something like that but I think
that it's we're remarkably well-equipped
shall we say we need to I mean with
contract from below we really need to
keep keys coming our luck stat is 4
that's very high so I would be expecting
that be able to take advantage of that
so what's the game plan what's the road
map for this run look like right now
it's very very simple we kill mom
probably in a single shot we take the
polaroid because it's better we don't
take more options because it's
irrelevant then man I would like to take
none of these but I'll tell you what
here's the thing Plan C might have been
the right choice because it has no
negative effect unless we choose to use
it which we never would have whereas oh
we add holy mantle thank God whereas
obviously curse of the tower could have
a negative effect my brain is hardwired
to look for things in Isaac like it it
prioritizes passives over actives we're
never going to use so for better or for
worse we're stuck with curse of the
tower now probably you'd expect that to
contribute to a little bit of damage
over the course of this run and you know
fair fair play basically but anyway
after this we're going to the womb where
we will explore every single room and
should be able to do so easily thanks to
the Sun card
at which point we'll be going to the
hush fight which is going to be tough
our damage toughie Sh our damage is
going to be fine and we have no chance
to die but our range is pretty bad then
it's all the way to the Delirium floor
which is really like the Delirium floor
is where things get sort of exhausting
but just an enormous floor and I'm still
I'm always bummed that like the Delirium
floor doesn't give you any items outside
of boss rooms it just makes that floor
feel like on daily as you're doing it
just for the points could be worse of
course but we're going to be out of boss
rush probably before 20 minutes it's a
very good sign we have taken a couple of
hits that I'm not thrilled with but we
were still a living being oh wow okay we
don't want it but it's a nice gesture I
suppose we'll get the heck out of here
so this is maybe in arguably like the
strongest daily that I've ever had on a
daily we absolutely have to do every
room we have to go back to that room and
do it I'm not going to worry about any
sort of min maxing and but I'm excited
as a good pill now I'm going to worry
about any sort of min maxing involving
like trying to maximize deals with the
devil at this point we have more than
everything you know the I don't see many
conceivable ways to improve the quality
of this run outside of getting like
literal brimstone uh it's tough actually
having blind rage could protect us from
curses and power damage but as we saw
the wooden cross can protect us from
curse of the tower damage as well
withholding mantle so I guess I'd rather
it's really a question of like
guaranteed damage versus stopping damage
of the source so I think it's irrelevant
but it's nice or relatively irrelevant
it's nice to have the luxury to worry
about stuff that like could not matter
less
gotta start using that curse rooms full
secret room of course curse rooms we
don't need to become Guffey there's
definitely a case to be made that curse
rooms are not the right play right now
but I'm probably going to do in
regardless we have chaos you never know
what we're going to get in the form of a
red chest or a golden chest in there or
I still don't understand that pill is
that pill really just uh nipa cock shot
oh dude I'm so glad I came in here the
range upgrade is still we're not
oh and we got holy mantle from it which
is excellent but we're still not
crushing him from a range perspective we
still got to get right next to like
every enemy on planet earth to kill them
but all range upgrades are helpful at
least so with the Sun you know we got to
play this guy
he lived he is he lived again he did not
live for a third time all right I'm
excited probably unnecessary but I'm
looking at our score and I'm the like in
our score you know twenty four thousand
at this point usually I mean oftentimes
I'm actually at like nineteen thousand
when I come down here so to conceivably
be a 25 or 26 by the end of this floor
is very very nice okay blank card ruins
blank card black rim blank card for Cano
blank card on Seuss blinkered the guns
blinker dog laws I think you can make a
pretty sweet case for this now
admittedly the loss of the Sun card is
not trivial it would be nice to have
both but I really like being able to
have blank rune so I black rune to suck
up some of these statistical like
increases or decreases that we don't
care about some of these items is really
what and what an earth human being would
use to describe those game objects but
anyway so we got uh cat of nine tails
it's a lovely upgrade for us obviously
we're at sixteen damage now yes
[Music]
kind of a weird call super bandage does
nothing for us and as a result if you
like taking it could only cost us points
what I mean by it does nothing
well it takes HP oh there is a secret
room here that could be amazing it's on
the right side it takes our HP and then
gives us more HP than we can hold so it
seems like that's highly highly
irrelevant so why why risk the points
basically is what it comes down to I
think a also makes deals with the devil
worse most of the time on average you
would expect it to make deals with the
devil words because the deal with the
devil pool is the best so it's being
diluted by the
that are not as good so I'm not going to
lose too much sleep over that that dog
is barking dude is it a different bark
if there's like a crawlspace or
something it was barking yes okay so it
is a different bark and it's not even a
crawlspace it's a black market and it's
a black market that can hold anything so
you'd take fun we have so much time
don't sweat this one at all
you take spawn you take infamy you take
Book of Belial but you don't keep it you
take Tami's head and you do keep it and
then you black rune everything else give
us a luck increase so why would we ever
do this well we do lose blank card black
rune we gain an unbelievable ability to
kill things
thanks to Tammy's head not that we were
struggling to begin with we should keep
some of these keys but like now we're
crushing it so keys are my biggest
concern which might strike oh dude we
got such a huge range upgrade Keys might
strike you as being something we
shouldn't be that concerned about but I
disagree you know we are going down to
the blue wound the whole point of being
on the Blue Room beyond just increasing
our points
to hook us up with as many items as
possible should go go through this think
oh secret room I think there's no reason
we can't be in the top 25 today I've
remained relatively focused with the
with my usual good-natured charm made
some decisions some of which were bolder
than others but the Tammy's head pickup
is really going to start the show what's
great about it I don't think we want it
it's really going to start to show
what's great why it was the right
decision I guess I should say when we
get to the Delirium floor which is still
kind of a surprising distance away we
want I mean we probably don't need six
keys you probably need five because we
can buy one from the shop most of the
time but let's let's stick with it as is
right now double range of why not at
this point do bird got decent range and
we got a holy man that again does wooden
cross give you a holy mantle every room
or am I just the world's luckiest man we
found both our secret rooms Loki
dogtooth has absolutely crushed it on
this rug right we don't care about those
and we definitely want to go to the hush
bye okay so after the hushed I would go
to delirium and then what we go to void
and then the rest of it is uh pretty
much automatic there is no key for sale
so we definitely want item rooms and I
mean this is so we could ruin our run
right here you take Libra as Azazel
I think I am going to be unsane e today
at least with respect to that one
specific thing and I'm not going to take
Libra Libra may indeed be by far the
right choice and I'm just not thinking
clearly
however Pandora's box does nothing for
us sadly I think this is an old bandage
is worth it I think is there anything we
care about in here I mean we could knock
a the death card was not whether we
could justify moldy bread I don't think
it's going to be relevant yet basically
here's my methodology for this decision
by the way um we're crushing it
so I don't really want to call this run
into question you may remember there was
a daily run not too long ago and by not
too long ago I mean literally yesterday
where I had really good setup maybe
taking a little bit too much dumb damage
out of overconfidence sound familiar
and saw a d6 room tried to make my run
better ended up making it a lot worse we
still survived the daily but we ranked
really really poorly however today's
daily is a chance for redemption I
really I mean I'm looking at the scores
here I don't know if we're going to be
in that like there's a big jump from 50
to 55 I don't know if we're going to be
able to get there I don't even know if
we're going to be able to get to 50 but
I do think that there is a chance if we
do absolutely everything on the Delirium
floor and I do mean absolutely
everything I'm going to fight delirium
this is my like you know I've been
elected to Congress as like an
anti-establishment candidate I'm on the
young side of things and I'm like we're
going to change politics and then you
know
seventy year old man in a nice suit
smoking a cigar came up to me and said
here's how things are done here and he
hands me a big old canvas sack with a
dollar sign on it
this is my moment because the right call
is almost definitely - alt f4 or at
least x2 the daily before we fight
delirium the smart money's on taking
damage during the delirium fight because
it's a hard fight something something
never tell me the odds anyway alright
we're gonna grab this taking one hit
there who cares it's not that bad the
good news is I expect to basically crush
the delirium floor at 43,000 points with
curse of the blind I think I'm not going
to pick up any item you're going to hate
that but at least I'm going to fight
delirium I'm choosing my battles here
and I pull it to a pace of something is
not that good a to love something is
excellent here but I don't think it
makes sense to take most items here
especially not knowing what they are not
worried about ruining the run I'm
worried about needlessly compromising
the amount of points we have and that's
lame but it is also the way she goes bud
alright so now we know where we're going
it's probably still sensible to fight
delirium last bit of a waste
but it might not matter at all
why wife item last well I was thinking
what we could get stronger but not if
we're not picking up any items although
we you know cards can make a difference
admittedly just ask Blizzard
shareholders after the hearthstone
release so yeah we're going to ignore
these and you know we're getting a few
thousand point bonus once we finish this
run overwhelm once we finish this floor
I should say you know forget it the Gaza
room that's all I need
holy mantle saved us I actually think
we've made the right decision we've
never been hit by curses at our I think
and a holy mantle has saved us from
taking a lot of damage so I am very very
for it right now we still run a small
rock I think another spirit art
point-wise could pay for itself assuming
we take damage at some point so there's
the small rock do does a huge range up
but I think that probably does beat our
wooden cross specifically is Azazel but
this is not to insult wooden cross which
has been excellent for us now I would
not be surprised if if one of these
rooms is Delirium this one in particular
kind of looks like it's got that feel to
it it was not and that's okay listen for
dog tooth as well well we know where the
regular secret room is so it's done all
these rooms um oh let's go I'll go for a
walk outside now the Summer Sun calling
my name I hear it now just can't stand
okay we know we're going to go this way
Oh two of spades really actually good
what did I step on really good if we can
get more Keys the luck is also fine yeah
two of spades that was really bad two
buys us some time
we shouldn't be opening these golden
chests yet and damage kind of sucks
I still think like 50k is well within
the realm of possibility taking a couple
of hits
basically doesn't matter at all we need
that spirit hard okay let's start the on
through this our range is good but it's
not that good you got tricked myself
into thinking that it was infinite like
the most recent Bioshock game am i right
it sounded like it was a dig at Nick but
really I just put on my nerd voice
because video games right I only like
cool things like trading stocks like I'm
going to suck first edition Charizard
can I have your rare candies okay what's
going on there
all righty somehow did not get hit did a
lot of damage and every time we land a
shot and this is really the fight that I
was thinking of when it came to like
using our range upgrade but cord
prioritizing a range upgrade curse of
the tower did hit me there this is why
by the way in case you watch me play
Isaac runs that are not dailies and then
you go what is you never fight delirium
delirium is unfit able if you're not
like absurdly defensively strong because
there's just there's damage that's
nearly unavoidable now not all of it
some of the damage I took here is
definitely avoidable and you know what I
hate that we took damage there
to that extent because we proved that
it's the right idea to just alt have
four out of the Delirium fight and it
pains me that that's the case I don't
know
imagining at this point these videos
aren't necessarily must-watch
entertainment and Nicolas but it would
be really nice if and this is admittedly
salt talking after knowing that I
probably just wandered like 15
leaderboard positions by being bad on
the Delirium fight but why not just make
it so that delirium gives you a point
bonus okay sure
maybe not a big one because I'd still
rather go to I'd rather he'd make
mathematical sense to go to the chest on
runs that go that part or go to the lam
on runs that go that far then going to
the Delirium fight but you should at
least make the Delirium fight worth
fighting kind of a cheesy technique and
again I'm not at all mad at anybody and
I certainly am not disparaging the
players for taking the optimal strats
but on the development side I think like
you know it's kind of a weird position
to take either way you kill delirium
everything else is going down easily
here I don't think we are going to hit
50 I think we're going to be in the high
40s that's still probably good enough
for uh I think it's good enough for
front page which is top 30 and straight
up it makes me kind of a scrublord but I
love as asel the Hilly's man big Bible
I love azazel dailies for whatever
reason the is a Latvia dailies the
Azazel dailies speak to me I do not know
why which was delirium over here but I
have a tendency to do alright on him
let's go wait it was down trophy room
I should have known it can't be done it
must be this one costing ourselves a
little bit of extra time but who cares
this was a fun daily through and through
we didn't take very much damage very
thankful for that we're going to rank
okay at the very least 70 it's a little
bit lower than I expected and hurts but
that's okay
for now thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed the episode if you take a click
the like button outside a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time